the plastic surgeon robert is growing an
artificial skin that is resistant to
burns and insects
robert grafted the results of the study
onto a woman's skin
he burned her skin she didn't feel any
pain he catches a mosquito to let it
bite her but the mosquito is afraid to
bite
the doctor's experiment was successful
but the tormenting of the girl had only
just begun
she was locked in a closed room robert
used skin-colored clothes to protect her
skin
the tv has only three channels and she
has to practice yoga just to spend her
time
to keep the woman's spirits in a steady
state robert added a sedative to her
drinking water
even so vera always tries to escape but
fails every time
gradually she became extremely depressed
all sharp objects can become weapons for
her to hurt herself
from then on her room no longer appeared
any sharp objects
and robert was in the next room he
always watched her every action
as if enjoying a work of art he gazed at
every line and detail of her face
eventually he couldn't control himself
opening the door to the girl's room
vera immediately asked him when she
would be free when she saw robert was
about to leave
she used her sexy body to seduce him as
expected
this technique is very effective robert
struggled but he still leaves the room
his mother is not satisfied with the
things he does she blamed her son
keeping her there would cause a lot of
consequences but robert refused to obey
and even fired all of the maids
he wanted to hide the girl but
unexpectedly while robert was out
zika marilya's least favorite child
committed a robbery
he appeared in a ridiculous outfit and
begged his mother to let him stay there
for a few days
zika is robert's half-brother 10 years
ago he seduced robert's wife to go with
him
as a result they had a traffic accident
the wife suffered whole body burns
but the bastard was fine this time he
noticed the woman locked in the basement
felt aroused zika tied her mother to a
chair and broke into the girl's room
when the doctor came home seeing what
happened he angrily entered the room
with a weapon and ends sika's life there
because of this incident robert felt
extremely guilty so he let vera go out
but she has to obediently stay by his
side
she was very pleased with her life right
now until she saw the piece of news on
robert's desk
it is news about missing people the man
in the newspaper has a bright and
friendly face
that man's smile touched the pain inside
the girl's heart no one would have
expected that a beautiful woman like her
many years ago was a man that year
vincente met norma at a prom
he was influenced by alcohol and drugs
so he brought norma into the garden and
forced her to do it
when she screamed he slapped her so hard
that knocked her unconscious
vincente panicked and took the bike to
ran away but the scene was caught by
robert
norma's father seeing his daughter being
forced he chased after vincente and
deliberately caused an accident
when vincente regained consciousness he
found himself locked in a cave
his limbs were chained tightly he felt
extremely hopeless
at this time a man throbbing
so
list his skin recovered and got better
and better
robert checked the wound periodically
and was very pleased with his attitude
but when he asked robert
as things went further and further he
changed lots of vincente's body parts
after a long time his body and voice
were completely like a female
robert took off the protective layer
from vincente's face and felt extremely
happy
it was the face of robert's wife because
of that robert changed his name to vera
from then on robert locked her in a room
robert used to bring her expensive and
beautiful dresses but she tore
everything
he also gave her a bunch of cosmetics
but she only took the eyeliner
she uses it to write diaries on the wall
this is the only proof that she is alive
she lived like that for six years her
writing densely covered the wall
until that day happened she was able to
regain her freedom
when she once again entered that room
sunlight was shining on the wall
it illuminates everything even the
smallest details reminding her of the
past
for six years she has endured many kinds
of humiliation
vera suppressed her emotions and carried
out the fruits she smiled and happily
and walked over to the man's bed
she pleaded deeply to be able to go out
for a walk robert was blinded by her
beauty
agreeing without hesitation at this
point his guard is down
completely ignoring the knife facing him
however the mother is not that easy
she keeps a gun in her bag just in case
vera dares to run away
vera was not a fool ether she was
pretending to be in love with robert to
get his heart
but in fact she still did not give up
her intention to escape
that day when she saw the newspaper she
found out that her family has not given
up looking for her
thoughts of revenge flashed in her mind
she couldn't wait any longer
that night when the two of them were
huddled together she used an excuse to
go downstairs to get lubricating oil
but she snuck into the book room to get
her weapon then rushed to the room and
aimed at robert's heart the gunfire woke
the mother up
she immediately went to the bedroom and
find her son lying in a pool of blood
she was heartbroken devastated now a
bullet burst out from under the bed
the mother fell vera hid under the bee
just waited for her to appear
vera hurriedly left in the night she
successfully got her revenge after so
many humiliations over the past six
years
finally she was able to return to her
family